# TanX.fi Infrastucture Engineer Task

## Objectives

- Compute the total revenue generated by the online store for each month in the dataset.
- Compute the total revenue generated by each product in the dataset.
- Compute the total revenue generated by each customer in the
  dataset.
- Identify the top 10 customers by revenue generated.

### Project structure

This repository contains the following files:

- `task.py`: A script that reads data from `orders.csv` and extracts data according to the assigned task.
- `test.py`: A script that uses `unittest` to test the functionality of `task.py`.
- `dockerfile`: A Dockerfile for creating a Docker image to run the project and its tests.
- `requirements.txt`: A file listing the Python dependencies.
- `orders.csv`: Sample csv file.
- `Testing_notebook.ipynb`: An interactive jupyter notebook for testing and experimenting with the code.

### Instuction to setup the Project

`Note: Since the required dataset was not provided, we sourced a suitable dataset from Kaggle to continue with the project. To use your own dataset, simply replace the orders.csv file with your own CSV data.`

### Using Docker Hub
The Docker images are available on Docker Hub. Use the following commands to pull and run the images: 

1.  **Run the Main task file**:
   
```cmd
docker pull aakash77703/tanx_task:latest
docker run --rm aakash77703/tanx_task:latest python task.py
```

2. **Run the test file**:

 ```cmd
 docker pull aakash77703/tanx_task:latest
 docker run --rm aakash77703/tanx_task:latest python test.py
 ```
 <p>Link : https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/aakash77703/tanx_task/general</p>

 ### Using Local Setup (Alternate Method)

1. Clone the repository:

   ```cmd
   git clone https://github.com/Aakash-777/__TanX__
   cd https://github.com/Aakash-777/__TanX__
   ```
2. Install the dependencies:
   
   ```cmd
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Run `task.py`:
    ```cmd
   python task.py
   ```
4. Run `test.py`:
    ```cmd
   python test.py
   ```

#### Link to Demo Video 
<p>Link : https://drive.google.com/file/d/1tfG7m1uMxMop3n1_SkDbNSLlXx9XUalL/view?usp=sharing</p>
